Add mock server for the external API (#2)
thomas-mauran/LinkedOut: mock/README.md

> ### Run the server
> 
> `json-server db.json --routes routes.json`

Reviewer: Nit, I'd rather start the json-server through npx.

````suggestion
# External API mock server

## Run the server
The server used to mock the API is `json-server`. You can start it using the following command:

```sh
npx json-server db.json --routes routes.json
```
````
